we live in a changing world and to meet víctor rodríguez
a collector of toys that will surprise us with the pieces that he treasures
we'll see
from a collection of vt that I have been building for 20 years
the speaker began to recover something of the past traveling the country
It has been important in Venezuela
when we went into that little store
but there are still things
guadeloupe past times
we have lost a bit of everything
and also rented for commercial films
here we have
toys of the 20s
according to the b series of the great britain brand shmatkó and poor
that the 60 manufactured
the metal charge of vallecas
with a mechanism he was president but very nervous
and this is the difference sin
of many movies and series of fashion illusion
atf by
on moto2 or the lord face of papa
He is licensed in the year 58
and he has designed for people
losada
on the potato of the onu the vegetable
nail to your facebook
uribe happened to put
by the way n
higuain took it out as well as his entire hours
and once this city
the news
marketing
when they released very delicate games peru
igor doll
for males
his boy doll was he join that I think the term
investment 8
the wolf soldiers
they are soldiers of the san francisco and represents the French uniform from the
first World War
approximately the first world war was lost
It is our home
of the brand fernando martín
in fact in France in 1960
fernán martín farizano vg based on the real life character of the country of
that time
and by the NATO Board
I also made the seller in the ledger flower scan the
drunk real life person
with cloth clothes
hand-painted tinplate material
it is an elephant they also germany
remarcarlo marjah in the south
and it was so successful tvt with it made but of year 20
they did not use
the figure of teruel el fandi as logo of his later death
the sources clarified that they do not possess
let's not even thousand
my office janitors
I like a little of everything
I focus moment by the doctor gustavo benitez the exhibitions
teach people like the designer like arguments from other times
so that the agent is kept in memory
and now we leave the world of toys to continue with felipe alóu ex
manager of the giants of san francisco